For this part of the lesson, we want to
pretty much walk you through the steps
that you'll need to
create a path variable,
which you've already done before.
And also modifying the script that
comes in the bootloader file that you
downloaded.
So yeah, here once again is gonna
kind of walk you through the steps.
You're gonna need the Terminal or
the MS-DOS command prompt for Windows.
>> Yeah.
>> So like Robert said, open up the
MS-DOS, or the command prompt for Windows.
And then go into your own C drive.
So once you're on the command prompt,
what we wanna do is, we wanna create a
path variable to our fastboot executable.
So that we don't have to keep traversing
through each file to get to the fastboot,
we can just go straight to it.
So here we go.
So to do that, we're gonna type in set.
So that's gonna set the path variable,
and then we're gonna type in the name of
the path variable, so
we're gonna call it fastboot.
All in lower case here.
And then a very important
clarification here is that
the difference between a Mac system and
a Window system is that in a Mac system,
you use a forward slash for
a path destination.
On a Windows, you wanna use the backslash.
So we're gonna start off here with the C,
and then we're gonna go the Program Files,
and then we're gonna go
into the Android folder.
It should be near sdk and
go to platform tools.
Lastly, you're gonna see the fastboot.exe
there, you're gonna click on that.
And now we have the path
variable called fastboot.
So now we can start just calling on
fastboot to do whatever we need.
And the next thing we're gonna do is
go into the file that you downloaded,
all the boot image file and all the other
files that we told you to download there.
So we're gonna go into that file.
And once you go into that file, you gonna
wanna look for a file that says flashall.
And this file is, so
you see all these files here and what
you would normally have to do is fastboot
flash each one you just file separately.
But this file called flashall will allow
us to flash everything at the same time,
it's a script that will run for
you and do everything for you.
So we're gonna click on that.
And as I go in to our unique and
easier favorite text editor there.
And then you're gonna see a file
with a bunch of commands there.
And so what we have to do is,
like we told you earlier,
we created a pathway called fastboot.
And the way to access that fastboot
variable is to put a percentage sign
around that fastboot variable there.
So that's what I'm gonna do here,
just go down the line and
put a percentage sign around each one.
>> Yeah, so
while [INAUDIBLE] goes through that,
kinda talk a little bit more about the
fastboot path variable that he created.
So if you notice when he was creating
that, he made it a fastboot.exe.
So he went into the file and then actually
created a path to the executable fastboot.
Which means, when he's calling on that
path right there by putting the two
modulus signs on each side,
he's actually executing the fastboot
with the command flash.
So he's kind of pushing the path all
the way to the fastboot executable, and
then one of the commands that
the fastboot has is flash.
So it's gonna run that whole script in,
and just perform that task many times.
>> Yep, and so
if you see on my screen here again
we have the file all modified and
you're gonna see percentage signs around
every single word that says fastboot.
And so-
>> And
one other thing that we wanted to do,
we wanted to also bring in the-
>> Right, right.
>> [CROSSTALK]
>> That's something we want to do too.
So, this, all the files you see right now,
are the files that are for
the boot loader, but if you remember,
we also downloaded a bunch of other files,
called user data, cache,
recovery, all that.
>> The six files.
>> Yeah.
So what we're going to do, is just,
we don't want to flash all that separately
either, so we're just going to do that.
And then here at the end of the file
you wanna copy the third chunk,
copy, paste it right below it again.
And then instead of erase you just
wanna change all of that to flash.
>> So now you can kinda see what's
happening throughout this script,
is first it's flashing on the boot loader.
Then it's erasing all of the files that
we downloaded, those other six files,
all of the-
>> Previous ones, yeah.
>> Previous operating system.
And then we're going to
re flash the new ones.
>> Yeah.
>> So.
>> The latest ones here.
Here.
>> Yeah.
>> So, now we have a fully functional
executable file here, ready to go.
And all we have to do now is
just run the script file, and
we'll have our operating system.
On the next video,
we'll show you exactly how to do that.